### Amazon protesting facial recognition software

* In this article, Amazon employees submitted a letter to Jeff Bezos (this was 2018) asking him to refrain from selling an Amazon service known as "Rekognition", which is a facial recognition technology to law enforcement personnel and organizations. I don't think I have to elaborate *too* harshly on why this is extremely unethical. There is more as well; another company known as Palantir, which is a data-mining firm, is **IN AMAZON CLOUD SERVICES**. What was more alarming, in my opinion, is that these types of concerns are not only being voiced by a growing number of employees at Amazon, but also at the other large Tech companies that we use almost daily: Microsoft and Google. The fact that employees have to be the ones to sound an alarm about ethical concerns raises numerous red flags about these companies, and begs further investigation. 

### The Cybersecurity risk of self-driving cars

* I think across all of the articles listed in the ethics in technology section a common theme arises: Misuse of technology for malevolent purposes. In particular, with regards to the security of fully autonomous vehicles, this problem becomes exaserbated. Self-driving cars are reliant on being connected to the world via external hardware, thus, making them vulnerable to hacking. We *NEED* to have protocols in place for these potential scenarios, as the effects could be catastrophic and devastating. Imagine someone hacking into a fully automated 18-wheeler and driving it into a crowd of people or a building. That is a real question that policy-makers, engineers, and security experts will have to take into consideration in the coming years as automation continues to take over varying industries, particularly the auto industry.